Please.
Come to our wedding
Zheng Lan
Can you say that again?
I asked you to call you before
Why did you blurt it out so casually now?
Just come, let's go
Since Sunny is already late
We're taking our leave.
Don't move.
Check it out or you won't be able to get through
Mr. Gu
This is the Dive who treated the Taijia at that time
He knew very well how they quarreled together
Go ahead.
Mr. Lu
Mrs. Jiang jumped off the building and was rescued
But it left serious side effects
The hippocampus is severely damaged
I can't remember anyone or anything
The original memories will also slowly fade away Goodbye
Do you mean to say
You will eventually forget me too
Yes, why didn't you tell me before?
Yes, Miss Jiang didn't let me get hurt
I have to respect the wishes of others.
He didn't want me to know.
Yeah.
He even forgot about me
Won't tell me
Is there any other treatment available?
If the hippocampus is slightly damaged
There is also the possibility of self-healing
Seriously damaged